what I what I what I hey I'm Tony Scott
and thanks for watching and here's some
news that you may have missed they got
my attention now let's begin an Ohio you
know sometimes you hear about someone
that you think doesn't deserve to walk
this earth well I bet you don't have one
in mind that can beat Steve Smith this
monster was convicted of aggravated
murder of a six month old girl her name
autumn Carter he sexually assaulted her
until he killed her she was six months
old now in Ohio a death sentence
requires intent to kill the victim he
claims he was too drunk to realize it
was killed on the baby because he only
meant to sexually assault her he was
never charged with sexual assault the
jury could only convict or acquit him of
aggravated murder now this should be a
no-brainer this sack of flesh only
wanted to sexually assault a
six-month-old baby he didn't want to
kill her just sexually assaults her we
hear all the time the prisons are
overcrowded well you know what it's time
to thin the herd of people like this I'm
all for second chances but come on
what's the point of even trying to rehab
someone like this who wants to take that
chance and rehabilitate him and unleash
him on society again for this possibly
to happen Magic Johnson's son is gay
when I when I without magic Johnson says
he supports his son he cookie will they
love their boy EJ it's a big deal when
you think about it yeah it's his son and
what is Magic Johnson supposed to say I
think it's great Matt you could have
said no comment you know the whole macho
athletic thing but he didn't say that
the country's changing on the gay issue
now you may not approve for whatever
reason and that's fine but would you
support your flesh and blood if they
were gay Rebecca Ohio where a woman
assume an abortion clinic because after
she made the painful decision to
terminate her pregnancy because her life
was in danger it turns out after the
abortion she was still pregnant the
clinic says no way our doctors were
negligent here the woman gave birth to a
healthy baby girl the woman sought the
abortion because she has a medical
condition called uterine didelphis
resulting in a double uterus with
individual cervixes and if doctor had
told her that her pregnancy and her life
could be threatened because the fetus
was carried in an unstable uterus you
know this is what happened you really
have to put this one down as God's plan
I mean think about this you have this
condition that in some cases leads to a
double for JJ the doctor tells you you
need to terminate this pregnancy for
health reasons the main reason being
that you could die but the abortion
didn't take and you're blessed with a
beautiful healthy baby girl I mean what
else is there to put that on other than
she may have had the abortion and then
got preggers the first time she got back
in the game I'm just saying y'all ready
for this in Zimbabwe a hooker was having
sex with a man she's on the grind and
then she died during sex hey it happens
well she woke up and yelled you want to
kill me at the officers as they were
shoving her in a coffin now people who
were out in streets witnessing this
whole thing they ran in all different
directions freaking out because of the
resurrected woman by the way the John
she was with he left without paying
that's all I got like this video if you
don't mind and join the off the hook
club by subscribing thanks again for
watching I'm Tony Scott